Israeli military has continued carrying
out overnight raids across the occupied
West
Bank Israeli forces have stormed ramala
nablas tarim kilia and heon and cash
clashes broke out in several locations a
number of Palestinians were arrested W
ibraim is live for us in dear Abu m in
the occupied West Bank San these raids
have become a pretty regular occurrence
throughout the occupied West Bank talk
us through what's been
happening not only are they becoming
part of the Palestinians routine but
we're seeing also another practice that
is being widely used here in the
occupied West Bank and indeed we've seen
it being used here in De Abu Mass
detentions they go from home to home
arresting Palestinians detaining them
and putting them in places like this one
um I I want to show you just some of the
blindfolds that were used on some
Palestinians who were detained from
their homes and brought to this area
there are also the plastic uh that was
used to uh uh clasp their hands and they
were handcuffed using those uh plastic
now I'm going to be bringing you two
people who were in this area here
amongst more than 30 Palestinians
detained by the Israeli forces to listen
more from them we have Muhammad waji and
we have Mr s zahan and I'm going to
start with you um
can you tell me what happened when they
came
they Tre us very badly they did not
respect anything they did they acted as
if no one was at home they just opened
the door I was behind the door they
opened it they forced it I was trying to
open the door at the same time but he
was breaking the door literally so I
opened it they entered I explained to
them that there are women and they
should respect that but they did not
understand anything as if they were not
human they were very barbaric in their
intervention they searched everything
they searched the kitchen they went
upstairs they destroyed the kitchen
upstairs and downstairs all the closet
they did not leave anything then they
blindfolded me and they took me I was I
wanted to talk to my mom and they
refused they said they will not we will
not let you talk to your mom so took me
from the house and they put me
here and here Mr s you told us that you
are over 50 and they kept you here for
hours blindfolded and your back was
aching true indeed this is what
happened I will not add more to what my
friend
said we should focus on the fact that we
are peaceful we are suffering from
occupation we want to live through
really but imagine that they will just
enter your house and women are sleeping
girls and children are sleeping so how
can a child understand this so it's not
just about taking us and being barbaric
and violent and fortunately this has
become normal to us so we see this as
normal but at the same time there are a
lot of details that Palestinian people
are suffering from Muhammad you're
21 and at the same time took the phone
can you tell us more about that yes they
took me for investigation they started
interrogating me about the number of
people we have at
home and They seized all the phones they
put them in a bag and gave them to their
mates and said some provoking words and
then they just threw me in the middle of
nowhere and it was very cold and they
asked me to stay there can you tell us
more about what happened what did they
say to
you of course whenever the moment we
left the house they started threatening
us and uh using weapons nobody uh
accepted to leave we all left because we
were threatened with weapon can you tell
us more of what happened what I
understood is that I personally want to
send a message because um responsible
with this area
area so anyone who is close to m is very
delicate because it's a time of War so
we need just to stay calm and we I want
to deliver this
message they are they were treat they
were trying to threaten us but at the
end of the day we are all Palestinians
and again as they've been saying that
we're hearing so many Palestinians
saying that the main goal of these
arrests is to instill fear look around
me you're seeing those uh young men
young boys uh this is a youth Society
it's a young Society the Palestinian
community so people here say that all of
this aims to instill fear in this young
generation and kind of tell them that if
anyone wants to oppose Israel's
occupation then the result will be
arrests and
intimidation nid thank you nid ibraim
lier there in De Abu Michelle in the
occupied West Bank